fix(gossipsub): only apply and log p3 and p6 when they are not zero (#6097)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: protocols/gossipsub/CHANGELOG.md

- Remove `Rpc` from the public API.
  See [PR 6091](https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/6091)

> - Only apply and log p3 and p6 when it's not zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix applying P3 and P6 Score penalties when their weight is zero
```
